


DESCRIPTION:

  The program Cat_files takes a set of files and concatenates them
  together into one large file named output.dat.  These files are
  stored, not compressed.  Cat_files will concatenate up to a maximum
  of 192 files.

  TECHNICAL DETAILS: The first 6K of output.dat is the Index which
    lists the name, size, and location of each file.  The size and
    location are stored in big-endian format. The size of the Index is
    hardcoded, it currently restricts us to a max of 192 files.  After
    the Index come the files.  Each file is padded with zeros so that
    the next file starts at a location which is a multiple of 2K.

  The xtract module, consisting of xtract.h and xtract.c contains
  functions which work on output.dat: reading the Index and extracting
  a file from output.dat.  A modified version of this module has
  already been incorporated into SameGame; so you do *not* need the
  xtract module found in this directory in order to make SameGame
  work.


 
NOTE:  

  You will need the Cat_files program in order to create the data
  file, sg.dat, which SameGame reads in at compile time.  You do
  *not* need the program xtract as SameGame already has a modified
  version of the xtract module in its source code.



USAGE:

  Cat_files FILENAME1 FILENAME2 ...



EXAMPLE:

  If you have made changes to the artwork or sound or configure file
  in the Colors directory, then you will have to create a new data
  file, sg.dat.

  Type  make  in this directory to create Cat_files.  Copy Cat_files
  to ../Colors and go into the Colors directory.  Then type:

     Cat_files sg.cnf Mat0.tga Mat1.tga Mat2.tga animate.tga background.tga extra.tga tiles.tga title_pic.tga bigdelete.raw bigdeleteall.raw bonus.raw changetile.raw click.raw nobonus.raw

  This will produce a datafile called output.dat.  Replace sg.dat with this
  new datafile.



COMPILING: 

  Type  make  or  make Cat_files  to compile the concatenation program
  Cat_files.  And type  make Xtract  to compile the extraction program.

  Type  make clean  to remove all those pesky *.o files.   Type 
  make realclean  to remove the *.o files and the executables.


FILES:

  In this directory you will find:
      Makefile
      README       (this file)
      cat_files.c  (the source for Cat_files)
      xtract.c
      xtract.h
      xtract_main.c



